Icy X has been the most time consuming personal endeaver, and I have loved every minute of creating it!
This packs theme is marathons with very challenging stamina handstream focused charts AND jack stamina focused charts. This pack is on average much harder than my main series Nuclear Blast JS Awesome Bomb Filez, the js/hs is more stamina draining than usual, and the non js/hs is more non js/hs but a LOT harder than what I've made in the past.
Playing this pack is quite the experience as it is very relentless with minimal breaks in 5min+ songs, it should be easy to keep a good flow going if you choose to grind this pack for scores. There is a lot of game time to be spent here, I recommend playing the pack in 2 or 3 sessions if you play every file.
To help along newcomers to the pack I've used the Stepmania Leaderboards difficulty calculator and rounded up/down the difficulty of the charts accordingly. While it is not 100% accurate across the board, it should help guide your gameplay until you're familiar with the charts.

I've actually put at least 400+ hours into making this pack. I have liked dragonforce for as long as I've played stepmania, and some users have requested more icyworld DF songs so this pack has a lot in it! 
Guest charts by hi19hi19 and eze are very welcome fun additions to the pack!

Pack Shoutouts
NB
Nuclear Blast series is dropped until further notice. NB5 honestly feels like a good stopping point, anything I make will still be me, but it's time for a new beginning. Icy X to me is a strong new title and experience :)

Xayylmao
Shoutouts to the incredible xayphon that sexy man for creating this pack and taking on some of my best files at the time! Go download this pack and welcome yourself to some german doom with guest files by myself, phil, eze, choof, caliber, and tim!

Yolo3
I have 10 files in this pack and this was my first experience with yolomania files. Wafles, skwid, caliber and everyone involved in these series are awesome and make very great files! Another good challenging pack series to grab!

Also if you have not, grab Fullerene shift, dump parade, and hi19 packs. All of which are filled with amazing content, I highly recommend!