NB1 was released May-23-2010
in this thread
http://www.keybeatonline.com/forums/showthread.php?t=1720

NB2 was released August-12-2010
in this thread
http://www.keybeatonline.com/forums/showthread.php?t=2339

And today NB3 is being released April-24-2011

This compilation of extremely awesome jumpstream files has taken 8 months to create. The end result has 2 hours 35 minutes and 57 seconds of playable music, 42 files overall (Don't you know 42 is the answer to life, downloading this pack will complete you), and is the best pack I have ever released to date! Not only is it a fucking incredible pack it's challenging! No really, playing this pack will break all your fingers and kill you.  If you still eat your grandmas cookies and MAsturbate all day, then get ready to be raped by this pack! You thought all this time went into making some silly nilly sub 1000 arrow per file MA pack, you were wrong! The average ammount of arrows is 1000 per second (not per minute you fucking pussy), stick that in your moms dead lobster. That's practically equivilant to having the ability to teleport, YOU DO WANT TO TELEPORT RIGHT!(shit fuck) If you download this pack and play every file, your fingers will be made of diamonds by the end of the day, bitches love diamonds, all the ladies will fucking go for you!! How much is your life worth? Shit compared to how awesome you'll be just for having this pack in your songs folder. WTF are you doing reading this it's a waste of time, download the fucking pack already mother fucker! 

May all the internets be with you.


 I'd like to thank everyone who has helped me create this pack:
HawkE, MetzgerSM, Staiain, Jousway, Roar176, Patashu, Kommisar, Xayphon, otogitune, and samurai7694.
Specifically thank you HawkE for the new cdtitle, I love it! Thank you Metzger for doing graphics for damn near every file in this pack  XD Thank you Patashu for suggesting good songs for me to step, it really came in handy. Thank you Staiain Metzger and Xayphon and everyone else for all the love and  support and keeping me motivated to keep working on this pack! Thank you kommisar for taking the solos from UltraBeatdown I gave you and fluently connecting them to each other, if it weren't for you I would have never made such an epic file for it :) Thank you HawkE for whoring out so many pack banners for me, I may have been a bitch about it but seriously without you I wouldn't have had such an epic assortment to pick from! And thank you to everyone who submitted a chart, even if it wasn't included in the finished pack. 